Add IceSSL::getHost (#1277)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG-3.7.md

  failure from `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo`. To get the description of a `IceSSL::TrustError` pass it to
  `IceSSL::getTrustErrorDescription`.

> - Added `IceSSL::getHost` function to allow retrieving the host that was used to create a SSL connection from
>   the `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo` object. The returned host correpspond to the `Edndpoint::host` member of the endpoint
>   that was used to create the connection.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `IceSSL::getHost` function to allow retrieving the host that was used to create an SSL connection from
  the `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo` object. The returned host corresponds to the `Endpoint::host` member of the endpoint
  that was used to create the connection.
```
Couple typos here

  failure from `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo`. To get the description of a `IceSSL::TrustError` pass it to
  `IceSSL::getTrustErrorDescription`.

- Added `IceSSL::getHost` function to allow retrieving the host that was used to create an SSL connection from
  the `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo` object. The returned host corresponds to the `Endpoint::host` member of the endpoint
  that was used to create the connection.

> # Changes in Ice 3.7.5

Author: ```suggestion

# Changes in Ice 3.7.5
```
